Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
MC: TEAM 5D's,
WHO STARTED THIS TOURNAMENT
AS ONE OF ITS TOP CONTENDERS,
IS NOW TEETERING ON THE EDGE
OF ELIMINATION!
EVEN THOUGH YUSEI HAS INHERITED
SPEED COUNTERS AND CARDS
FROM HIS TEAMMATE, AKIZA,
HE'S STILL JUST ONE DUELIST
WHO WILL HAVE TO DEFEAT THREE
IN ORDER TO WRANGLE THE WIN
AWAY FROM TEAM UNICORN!
SEE, YUSEI,
IN A TAG TEAM DUEL,
WHEN YOU'RE UP THREE
TO ONE, WELL, THEN--
WELL, THEN WHAT?
THEN YOU CAN AFFORD
A FEW CASUALTIES.
AFTER ALL, BETWEEN
THE THREE OF US,
WE HAVE LIFE POINTS TO SPARE,
WHILE YOU, ON THE OTHER HAND,
HAVE ONLY A PRECIOUS FEW!
I ACTIVATE MAGIC CHARGE!
THANKS TO THIS TRAP,
IF A SPELL CARD ON MY FIELD
IS DESTROYED DUE TO ONE
OF YOUR CARD'S EFFECTS,
THEN WE'RE BOTH DEALT
2000 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
TALK ABOUT TAKING ONE
FOR THE TEAM!
ALL RIGHT, BREO,
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE UP NOW.
RIGHT!
[GROANING]
YUSEI!
EASY, JACK.
JUST REST.
YUSEI HAS IT ALL
UNDER CONTROL, I HOPE.
NOW BY REMOVING TEN SPEED
COUNTERS, I CAN DESTROY
ONE CARD ON THE FIELD,
AND THE CARD I CHOOSE
TO DESTROY IS ONE OF MY OWN!
VOLTIC BICORN!
WHAT?!
WHEN VOLTIC BICORN
IS DESTROYED,
WE EACH MUST THEN TAKE
HOWEVER MANY CARDS
ARE EQUAL TO HIS LEVEL
AND THEN BANISH THOSE CARDS
STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
SO YOU LOSE SEVEN CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK!
UH-OH.
[THINKING]
SORRY, YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE ABOUT TO BE
OUT OF DUEL AMMO!
AND WE'VE GOT A FULL DECK!
HA HA HA!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
MC: WELL, DUEL FANS,
YUSEI FUDO OF THE TEAM 5D's
HAS PUT UP AN IMPRESSIVE STAND
AGAINST THE CRAFTY COMBATANTS
OF TEAM UNICORN.
BUT THE QUESTION IS,
CAN HE KEEP IT UP?
HE'S AWFULLY OUTNUMBERED AND
BEING METHODICALLY DRAINED
OF HIS DUEL CARDS.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME,
YUSEI. DEFEAT IS COMING!
BUT UNTIL THEN,
I'LL END WITH THESE.
TEAM UNICORN'S PLAN
IS SO LAME!
YEAH, TOTALLY.
WHITTLING DOWN YUSEI'S DECK
UNTIL HE'S OUT OF CARDS?
AGREED, BUT IF IT WORKS,
WE'RE THROUGH.
YUSEI'LL HANG ON
THROUGH BREO. I KNOW IT!
YEAH, BUT THEN HE'S
GONNA HAVE TO KEEP
DUELING WITH JEAN.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS,
THINGS AREN'T LOOKING GOOD.
YUSEI, STAY STRONG.
JACK'S COMING TO!
[GRUNTS]
EASY, YOU'VE BEEN
THROUGH A LOT.
THE DUEL.
DID WE END UP WINNING?
IT'S NOT OVER YET.
YUSEI'S DUELING BREO
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT ABOUT AKIZA?
SHE WAS TAKEN DOWN
BY ANDRE.
I SEE. SO, THEN...
SO THEN UNLESS YUSEI BEATS
BOTH BREO AND JEAN,
TEAM 5D's WILL BE OUT.
IT'S STILL POSSIBLE.
WE'LL SEE.
BREO'S PLAN IS
TO CHIP AWAY AT MY DECK,
AND I ONLY HAVE
23 CARDS LEFT,
SO TIME IS OF
THE ESSENCE!
IT'S MY TURN!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT!
I PLAY
THE SPEED SPELL
ACCELERATE DRAW!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE
12 SPEED COUNTERS
AND YOU DON'T,
I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
[ALL GASP]
WAS THAT
A GOOD IDEA?
YEAH, SHOULDN'T YUSEI
BE CONSERVING HIS CARDS
AT THIS POINT?
WELL, THAT'D BE
ONE STRATEGY--
TO PLAY IT SAFE
AND SLOWLY SHAVE DOWN
BREO'S LIFE POINTS.
THEN AGAIN, ANOTHER WAY
TO GO WOULD BE TO CHARGE
RIGHT AT BREO
AND TAKE HIM DOWN BEFORE
HE CAN TAKE DOWN ANY
MORE OF YUSEI'S CARDS.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT
YUSEI'S SETTLED ON.
GET READY
FOR SOME FIREWORKS.
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK BREO DIRECTLY!
[DRAGON ROARING]
NICE, BUT NOW
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I PLAY
REGRETFUL TUNING!
THANKS TO
THIS TRAP CARD,
SINCE I RECEIVED
A DIRECT ATTACK,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE!
WELCOME BACK,
VOLTIC BICORN!
AND SINCE A MONSTER'S
BEEN SUMMONED USING
THIS EFFECT,
IF IT ATTACKS, IT'S THEN
DESTROYED AT THE END
OF THE BATTLE!
THIS IS BAD.
IF VOLTIC BICORN
IS BACK, THEN--
THEN HIS ABILITY IS
BACK, TOO, AN ABILITY
THAT ACTIVATES WHEN HE'S
DESTROYED AND WILL FORCE
YUSEI TO SEND SEVEN
CARDS TO HIS GRAVE!
[THINKING] STARDUST DRAGON
AND VOLTIC BICORN HAVE THE
SAME NUMBER OF ATTACK POINTS.
IF HE ATTACKS,
THEY'LL BOTH BE DESTROYED,
WHICH MEANS I'LL LOSE
MY BEST MONSTER AND
SEVEN CARDS ALL AT ONCE.
BREO'S DOING QUITE WELL.
YOU MAY NOT EVEN NEED
TO SUIT UP, JEAN.
YOU COULD BE RIGHT, ANDRE.
I MEAN, JUST LOOK
AT YUSEI'S FACE.
HE'S COMPLETELY PERPLEXED.
AH! I END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
IS THAT ALL? FINE, THEN.
MY DRAW!
FIRST THINGS FIRST!
VOLTIC BICORN,
ATTACK THAT STARDUST!
NO. HERE'S WHAT'S
GONNA COME FIRST--
MY TRAP--SYNCHRO
STRIKER UNIT!
AND THEN, WHEN I EQUIP
SYNCHRO STRIKER TO
A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
THAT SYNCHRO MONSTER
GAINS 1000
ATTACK POINTS!
IN THAT CASE, I PLAY
THE TRAP CARD FLATTERY!
WITH THIS, IF YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
CHANGE DURING BATTLE,
THAT AMOUNT IS THEN
ADDED TO MY MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
UNTIL THE END
OF THAT BATTLE.
[WHINNIES]
NO!
YES, YUSEI!
AW, MAN!
SO STARDUST
DRAGON'S GONE?
I'M AFRAID SO.
HE POWERED UP,
BUT THEN BICORN
POWERED UP, TOO.
AND NOW FOR
THE BEST PART, YUSEI.
SINCE BICORN WAS
DESTROYED,
WE BOTH SEND
SEVEN CARDS IN OUR
DECKS TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
NOW I'M ACTIVATING
THE TRAP CARD
TUNING COLLAPSE!
WHAT?
NOW YOU MUST SEND THE
SAME NUMBER OF CARDS IN
YOUR DECK TO THE GRAVE
AS WHATEVER YOUR
DESTROYED SYNCHRO MONSTER'S
LEVEL HAPPENED TO BE!
OH, NO! SO SINCE STARDUST
DRAGON'S LEVEL WAS 8,
THAT MEANS EIGHT CARDS?
AND IF YOU ADD THAT TO
THE SEVEN HE'S ALREADY
LOST, THAT MAKES 15!
NO! THAT'S TOO MANY!
OOH, THAT'S GOT TO HURT!
IT'S HARD TO PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT
WHEN YOU'VE GOT
NO CARDS TO PLAY!
AND AT THE RATE
YUSEI'S DECK IS DIMINISHING,
HE MAY WELL BE
IN THAT BOAT BEFORE LONG!
IT'S NOW OR NEVER
FOR YUSEI,
AND HE'S NEVER BEEN IN
A WORSE SPOT!
[THINKING]
NOT ONLY DID I LOSE STARDUST
DRAGON IN THAT LAST ROUND,
BUT I ALSO LOST 15 CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
I'VE ONLY GOT FIVE LEFT.
LEO, THIS IS AWFUL.
HOW CAN YUSEI MAKE
A COMEBACK WITHOUT ANY
CARDS TO COME BACK WITH?
MAN! TEAM UNICORN
HAS REALLY DONE
A NUMBER ON US!
I KNOW, BUT AS LONG
AS THE NUMBER OF CARDS
IN YUSEI'S DECK ISN'T ZERO,
HE'S STILL IN THIS!
JUST LISTEN TO HER.
SHE'S STILL HOPING.
HOPE DOESN'T WIN
DUELS. WHAT DOES
IS A TEAM THAT'S
AS PERFECTLY BALANCED
AS WE ARE.
WE'RE REALLY QUITE
THE THREESOME.
IT'S TRUE. YOU SEE,
WHILE I PRIDE MYSELF ON
MY STRATEGIC INSTINCTS,
BREO IS A GENIUS AT
ANALYZING AN OPPONENT'S
DUEL TACTICS.
AND THEN, OF COURSE,
THERE'S YOU,
OLD FRIEND.
WHO, ME? YEAH, I ADMIT,
IT TAKES A MASTER PLANNER
TO PUT IT ALL TOGETHER,
AND THAT PLANNER'S ME.
THERE'S NO DOUBT
ABOUT THAT, JEAN.
YOU'RE GOOD.
HEH HEH!
WHY, I BET
I HAVE MORE SKILLS
IN THIS FINGER,
AND MORE SMARTS
IN THIS ONE--
THAN ALL OF TEAM 5D's
PUT TOGETHER,
IS THAT WHAT YOU WERE
GOING TO SAY?
YOU READ MY MIND!
THAT'S TEAMWORK!
Breo: HEY!
I WANT IN ON
THIS BACKSLAP SOIREE!
I KNOW I MAY BE
THE NEW GUY IN THE GROUP
BUT EVER SINCE
THAT DAY YOU TOOK ME
UNDER YOUR WING,
I'VE BECOME TWICE
THE DUELIST I EVER WAS!
Jean: WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A THIRD DUELIST
TO JOIN OUR TEAM,
AND YOU HAVE SOME SKILLS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY? INTERESTED?
THE BOTTOM LINE IS,
TEAM UNICORN IS
TEEMING WITH TALENT,
BUT IF YOU WANT TO
TAKE ON THAT TALENT,
GO RIGHT AHEAD!
I PLAY THREE FACEDOWN
CARDS AND END MY TURN!
MY DRAW!
[THINKING]
WITH JUST FOUR CARDS LEFT
IN MY DECK, I'LL HAVE TO BE--
I'M ACTIVATING
A TRAP CARD!
TRICOLOR ILLUSION!
AND AS LONG AS TRICOLOR
IS ON THE FIELD,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK.
BUT THERE'S MORE:
ONCE A TURN, DUE TO
THIS CARD'S EFFECT,
YOU HAVE TO DRAW A CARD;
THEN, DEPENDING ON
WHAT CARD YOU DRAW,
YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW
CERTAIN INSTRUCTIONS:
SHOULD YOU DRAW
A SPELL CARD, YOU ADD
THAT CARD TO YOUR HAND.
DRAW A TRAP, AND YOU
MUST SEND THAT CARD
AND ANOTHER IN
YOUR HAND TO THE GRAVE.
IF YOU DRAW A MONSTER,
YOU ADD THAT CARD
TO YOUR HAND,
BUT THEN TAKE ANOTHER
CARD FROM YOUR HAND
AND PLACE IT
ON TOP OF YOUR DECK.
RRR!
OR, IF YOU LIKE,
YOU CAN JUST
DESTROY TRICOLOR NOW
BY SENDING A CARD
IN YOUR DECK TO
THE GRAVEYARD.
SO, YUSEI?
WHAT'LL IT BE?
[THINKING]
I LOVE WATCHING
YUSEI SQUIRM.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO
SEND A CARD IN HIS
HAND TO THE GRAVE
BUT HE ALSO
DOESN'T WANT
TO TAKE ANY GAMBLES,
ESPECIALLY WHEN
HE HAS SO LITTLE
TO GAMBLE WITH.
THERE'S NO DOUBT.
HE'LL PLAY IT SAFE
AND DESTROY TRICOLOR.
AH, BREO HAS HIM RIGHT
WHERE WE WANT HIM.
YEP.
[THINKING]
OF COURSE, IF YUSEI
USES SPEED WORLD 2,
HE CAN DESTROY TRICOLOR
ILLUSION OUTRIGHT,
BUT I'M READY
FOR THAT, TOO.
READY WITH THE TRAP
DESTRUCTION TRIGGER!
I CAN ACTIVATE IT
WHEN A CARD I CONTROL
IS DESTROYED
BY THE EFFECT OF
A SPELL OR A TRAP,
AND WHEN I DO
ACTIVATE IT, FIVE CARDS
FROM YUSEI'S DECK
WILL BE BANISHED TO
THE GRAVE, AND THEN...
MAKE UP YOUR MIND,
YUSEI, BUT KNOW THIS:
I KNOW YOUR DECK
AND I'VE DONE THE MATH.
IF YOU DRAW, THE ODDS
WILL NOT BE GOOD.
[THINKING]
THERE'S ONLY A 50% CHANCE
YOU'LL DRAW A MONSTER.
IT'S NOT WORTH THE RISK!
THIS GUY'S DONE
HIS HOMEWORK ON ME,
AND I KNOW WHAT HE
WANTS ME TO DO.
Crows: ALL RIGHT, YUSEI! GO!
YOU CAN DO IT!
WE'RE WITH YA!
[THINKING]
SO FOR THE SAKE OF MY TEAM,
I'M SIMPLY NOT
GONNA DO IT, BREO!
I'LL ACCEPT THE EFFECT
OF TRICOLOR AND DRAW A CARD!
NO WAY! HE'S NOT
SUPPOSED TO DO THAT!
HE'S CHANGING UP
HIS STRATEGY!
THIS ISN'T THE YUSEI
I STUDIED!
LOOKS LIKE THE RISK
NOT WORTH RISKING WAS
WORTH IT!
FINE. YOU GOT LUCKY,
BUT IT WON'T CHANGE
ANYTHING IN THE LONG RUN!
NOW ONE CARD IN MY HAND GOES
TO THE DECK, AND I CAN
SUMMON THE MONSTER I DREW!
RISE, JUNK SYNCHRON!
SYNCHRON? OH, NO!
NOW, LEVEL 3
JUNK SYNCHRON TUNE
WITH LEVEL 2 CARD
BREAKER AND LEVEL 3
DASH WARRIOR!
BEHOLD AS SHARDS
OF RAZOR SHARP STEEL
AND SCRAPS
OF IRONCLAD ALLOY
ARE FORGED TOGETHER
TO CREATE A POWERFUL
NEW FORCE!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON!
JUNK DESTROYER!
UH-OH! HE DOESN'T
LOOK FRIENDLY!
AND WHEN JUNK DESTROYER
IS SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN THEN DESTROY
THE SAME NUMBER OF
CARDS ON THE FIELD
AS THE NUMBER
OF NON-TUNER MONSTERS
THAT WERE USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON HIM!
GO, TIDAL SWEEP!
YEAH! NOW YUSEI
JUST NEEDS TO ATTACK
AND HE'LL BEAT BREO!
COME ON!
DO IT, YUSEI!
CONSIDER IT DONE! ATTACK!
YOU DIDN'T REALLY THINK
IT'D BE THAT EASY NOW,
DID YOU?
I ACTIVATE DAMAGE LANCE!
NOW, SINCE A MONSTER
WITH 2000 ATTACK POINTS
ATTACKED ME DIRECTLY
ONE OF YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
DECREASES BY 1000
AND YOU TAKE
1000 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
PRESS ON!
GO, FISTS
OF FEROCITY!!
AAH!
ALL RIGHT!
BREO'S BEEN BESTED!
OK, TWO DOWN
AND ONE TO GO!
[THINKING]
YEAH, BUT THE ONLY
PROBLEM IS,
WHEN YUSEI TAKES ON
THAT ONE,
HE'LL NOW ONLY HAVE
1000 LIFE POINTS!
SO, JACK,
TEAM UNICORN'S
THIRD DUELIST--
IS HE ANY GOOD OR WHAT?
NOT ONLY IS HE GOOD,
HE MIGHT BE
TEAM UNICORN'S BEST.
AND WITH YUSEI ALREADY
HANGING ON BY A THREAD,
IT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
BUT WE'VE BEEN IN JAMS
BEFORE. YUSEI AT LEAST
STILL HAS A CHANCE, RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
[THINKING]
ONE CHANCE IN
A THOUSAND, MAYBE.
YUSEI DUELS WELL,
BUT TO WIN THIS,
HE'LL HAVE TO DUEL
PERFECTLY.
SORRY, JEAN. I JUST
COULDN'T FINISH IT.
DON'T SWEAT IT, BREO.
HE JUST GOT LUCKY.
IT'S NOT LIKE
HE OUTPLAYED YOU
OR ANYTHING.
YEAH, I GUESS NOT.
IT'S JUST I THOUGHT
I KNEW ALL HIS TACTICS,
BUT THEN HE DID
SOMETHING COMPLETELY
UNEXPECTED!
I KNOW, BREO.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN A DUELIST RUNS OUT
OF ALL HIS OPTIONS.
HE STARTS PANICKING
AND MAKING DESPERATE,
LAST-DITCH MOVES
TO TRY AND WIN,
BUT IT'S NOT GOING
TO WORK.
I WILL SEE TO THAT.
MC: WELL, DUEL FANS,
HERE WE GO--THE FINAL
CONFRONTATION!
A SMACK DOWN
WITH SUPER-SIZED STAKES
BETWEEN THE TWO TEAM'S
LAST TWO DUELISTS!
ON ONE RUNNER
WE HAVE YUSEI FUDO,
WHOSE FANS MUST BE
BREATHING A SIGH OF RELIEF
THAT HE MADE IT THROUGH
HIS LAST MELEE,
BUT CAN HE MAINTAIN
THE MOMENTUM?
AFTER ALL, HE'S NOW
FACING TEAM UNICORN'S
CRAFTY CAPTAIN, JEAN!
CONGRATS ON LASTING
THIS LONG, BUT NOW
YOUR TIME IS UP.
YOU'VE BEEN
CALLING THE SHOTS SINCE
THE START, HAVEN'T YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT.
EVEN BACK WHEN ANDRE
AND I FIRST DUELED,
THAT WAS ALL SET UP BY YOU
JUST SO YOU'D KNOW MORE
ABOUT OUR DUEL TACTICS.
DON'T BE SORE.
I SIMPLY DID WHAT
I HAD TO FOR THE EDGE.
THE EDGE?
OH, REALLY?
OVER THE COURSE
OF THIS DUEL, JEAN,
I'VE LEARNED QUITE
A BIT ABOUT TEAMWORK,
AND I'VE LEARNED IT
BY WATCHING YOU THREE,
WHICH IS WHY I'M STUMPED
WHY YOU WOULD WANT
TO WIN THIS WAY--
BEATING ME BY TAKING AWAY
WHAT'S MOST PRIZED
TO A DUELIST--HIS CARDS.
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
MORE HEART THAN THAT.
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD'VE
WANTED TO WIN WITH FORCE,
NOT BY FINDING
SOME TECHNICALITY.
I'M NOT FALLING
FOR YUSEI'S MIND GAMES.
TEAM UNICORN
NEVER HOLDS BACK.
WHEN WE SEE A WEAKNESS,
WE STRIKE WITH
ALL OUR MIGHT.
BUT IT WASN'T
ALWAYS LIKE THAT;
AT LEAST, NOT WHEN
WE WERE ALL STILL
ON OUR OWN.
Man: COMMAND KNIGHT,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
ALL RIGHT!
VICTORY IS MINE!
TOUGH LUCK, BRO.
COME BACK ANY TIME
IF YOU WANT TO GET
YOUR BUTT KICKED AGAIN!
HA HA HA HA!
JUST AS I THOUGHT--
YOU COULD'VE BEATEN HIM,
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
SO TELL ME THEN, STRANGER,
WHY DIDN'T YOU PLAY THIS?
IT WOULD'VE WON YOU
THE DUEL.
LET ME GUESS, YOU HELD BACK
OUT PITY FOR YOUR OPPONENT.
WELL, LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING,
YOU SIMPLY CAN'T DO THAT
BECAUSE YOUR OPPONENT HAS
NO PITY FOR YOU.
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?
I KNOW BECAUSE I WAS
ONCE LIKE YOU.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE JOIN FORCES?
JOIN FORCES?
YES, DUEL TOGETHER
ON THE SAME TEAM,
BECAUSE ON A TEAM,
YOU WIN AT ANY COST.
THERE'S NO PLACE FOR PITY
BECAUSE YOUR TEAMMATES
ARE COUNTING ON YOU.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
GOOD. THEN OUR BOND
IS FORGED.
AND THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GOING TO BREAK
THAT BOND NOW
BY SHOWING YUSEI
ANY PITY.
MY TEAMMATES ARE
COUNTING ON ME.
FAREWELL, YUSEI.
THE TIME HAS COME
FOR TEAM UNICORN
TO LOWER ITS HORN,
CHARGE IN, AND FINISH
YOU AND TEAM 5D's OFF
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
IT'S OVER!
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON
TRIDENT WARRIOR!
AND WHEN THIS CARD'S
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I'M THEN ALLOWED
TO SUMMON ONE
LEVEL 3 MONSTER
DIRECTLY
FROM MY HAND OUT TO
THE FIELD OF BATTLE!
AND THE LEVEL 3
MONSTER I'M SUMMONING
IS DELTA FLYER!
NOW I'LL PLAY
DELTA FLYER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
ONCE PER TURN,
IT LETS ME INCREASE
THE LEVEL OF A MONSTER
ON MY FIELD OTHER THAN
DELTA BY ONE POINT!
SO, TRIDENT WARRIOR,
POWER UP TO LEVEL 5!
BUT I'M NOT DONE
WITH YOU YET!
NOW, TUNE WITH LEVEL 3
DELTA FLYER!
LET THE SKIES OPEN UP
AND NOW GIVE WAY
TO A GLEAMING BEAST
OF ELECTRIC MIGHT!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
LIGHTNING TRICORN!
Woman: WHEN LIGHTNING TRICORN
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
YOU CAN SUMMON THUNDER UNICORN
OR VOLTIC BICORN FROM
YOUR GRAVEYARD.
NOW, TRICORN,
CHARGE AND CRUSH
JUNK DESTROYER!
OH, NO!
YUSEI'S MONSTER
WILL BE MUSH
IF THIS ATTACK HITS!
THIS CAN'T BE.
YUSEI! DON'T LET IT
END LIKE THIS!
I WON'T, AND I HAVE
SHIELD WARRIOR TO THANK!
HE'S IN THE GRAVEYARD,
BUT BY REMOVING HIM
FROM PLAY,
I CAN STOP A MONSTER
FROM BEING DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
YEAH? BUT YOU
STILL TAKE DAMAGE!
[GROANING]
GUESS I HAVE YOUR TEAM
TO THANK FOR THAT ONE.
YOU'RE THE ONES WHO SENT
WARRIOR TO THE GRAVE.
ENJOY THE MOMENT.
HUH?
BECAUSE IT'S NOT
GOING TO LAST,
NOT WITH THE SPEED SPELL
I HAVE RIGHT HERE
IN MY HAND!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
I CAN PLAY
SPEED WORLD 2,
SO NOW, BY USING
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
AND THAT'S
ALL THE POINTS
YOU HAVE LEFT!
ALL HIS POINTS?
WAIT. SO THEN
THAT WOULD MEAN--
IT WOULD MEAN YUSEI
WOULD LOSE THE DUEL.
GOOD-BYE, YUSEI!
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE,
BUT THIS GUY IS!
BY REMOVING DAMAGE EATER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ONE CARD IN
MY HAND FROM PLAY,
I CAN NEGATE DAMAGE
FROM YOUR EFFECT,
AND THEN ADD
TO MY LIFE POINTS THE
AMOUNT I WOULD'VE LOST!
WITH SO FEW CARDS
IN HIS DECK, HE'S USING
THE ONES IN HIS GRAVE!
Jean: IRONIC- HE'S CLINGING
TO LIFE BY USING CARDS
THAT HAVE MET THEIR DEMISE,
BUT ONE CAN ONLY CLING
FOR SO LONG. HE'LL SEE.
MY DRAW!
I PLAY THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW, BY REMOVING
TEN SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DESTROY
LIGHTNING TRICORN!
NEXT I'LL HAVE
JUNK DESTROYER
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
YOU'LL DO NO SUCH THING!
GO, REANIMATION WAVE!
THANKS TO THIS TRAP,
SINCE A SYNCHRO ATTACKS,
ALL BATTLE DAMAGE IS
CUT IN HALF!
AND THEN I CAN SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER FROM
THE GRAVEYARD
WHOSE LEVEL IS THE SAME
AS THAT OF THE SYNCHRO
MONSTER THAT JUST ATTACKED!
SO RISE,
LIGHTNING TRICORN!
THEN YOU RISE,
TOO, SONIC CHICK,
IN DEFENSE MODE!
WITH THAT,
I'LL END MY TURN,
SO GO ON, JEAN, AND DO
YOUR VERY WORST. GO!
I THINK THE PRESSURE IS
STARTING TO GET TO HIM.
I THINK IT'S
GETTING TO US ALL!
[WHIMPERING]
MY TURN NOW!
FIRST, I SUMMON
RHINOTAURUS!
NEXT I'LL HAVE LIGHTNING
TRICORN ATTACK
JUNK DESTROYER!
[GROANING]
BUT THERE'S MORE!
NOW RHINOTAURUS WILL
ATTACK SONIC CHICK!
OH! I CAN HARDLY
BEAR TO WATCH!
THEN I THINK NOW
MIGHT BE A GOOD TIME
TO CLOSE YOUR EYES.
AND NOW FOR THE BEST PART!
SINCE TWO OF YOUR MONSTERS
WERE DESTROYED THIS TURN,
RHINOTAURUS CAN ATTACK
A SECOND TIME!
NOT GOOD.
SO I'LL SAY IT AGAIN.
GOOD-BYE, YUSEI!
TAKE HIM OUT, RHINOTAURUS!
YUSEI!
NO!